+++
date = '2024-07-30T08:09:15-04:00'
draft = false
title = 'Matthew 25:31-46'
tags = ['Bible', 'Matthew']
+++

***"The Son of Man Will Judge the Nations"*** 

> Matthew 25:31; "When the Son of Man comes in His glory, and all the holy
angels with Him, then He will sit on the throne of His glory."

On the day of judgement...

> Matthew 25:34-36; "Then the King will say to those on His right hand, ‘Come,
you blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the
foundation of the world: for I was hungry and you gave Me food; I was thirsty
and you gave Me drink; I was a stranger and you took Me in; I was naked and you
clothed Me; I was sick and you visited Me; I was in prison and you came to Me.’"

...Jesus declares that those on his right side have taken him in, and will
inherit the Kingdom that He prepared for them.

> Matthew 25:37-40; "Then the righteous will answer Him, saying, ‘Lord, when
did we see You hungry and feed You, or thirsty and give You drink? When did we
see You a stranger and take You in, or naked and clothe You? Or when did we see
You sick, or in prison, and come to You?’ And the King will answer and say to
them, ‘Assuredly, I say to you, inasmuch as you did it to one of the least of
these My brethren, you did it to Me.’"

While we do not physically take in Jesus, we take Him in by taking in others.

---

This aligns with what I've learned in James. Faith to Jesus and to God must be
acted upon through works.

> James 1:27; "Pure and undefiled religion before God and the Father is this:
to visit orphans and widows in their trouble, and to keep oneself unspotted
from the world."

> James 2:26; "For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without
works is dead also."

I'm guessing that this scripture of Matthew influenced these writings of James.

---

The takeaway here: take others in and care for them as you would the Son of
Man. Remember, we are all children of God. You might have declared faith to
Jesus, but have you taken in others? Are there orphans and windows in your life
that you should be visiting in their trouble?

Food for thought.
